README.md, before:

# XIV_Databar

#### !! ATTENTION !!
There are currently no plans to upload this to Curse or WoWInterface. If
you would like to have an auto-updater, then I would suggest [WoWUp](https://github.com/WowUp/WowUp). It supports
downloading from several providers like WoWInterface, Wago, TukUI and
GitHub. Alternatively there is also [CurseBreaker](https://github.com/AcidWeb/CurseBreaker), 
which is CLI-based with similar functionality. Simply provide the repo's clone address to WoWUp 
or CurseBreaker and it will track when new GitHub Releases are made and trigger an update.

If you wish to contribute to the project, please fork and submit a pull request. 
To get a working development copy, simply copy the Libs folder from the
[latest release](https://github.com/Kozoaku/XIV_Databar/releases/latest) into your
cloned repository. It also may be helpful to create a symbolic link from your
Interface folder to your cloned repo. For example, I have a folder named XIV_Databar_dev
that is a symbolic link to my repo. Then I can play using the latest release and 
develop using the _dev version. Remember you will need to disable the version you 
are not using.

I am not very active in game, but I will give any contributions the same care and 
attention you did. Please note, you will need to copy the Libs folder from the most 
recent release into your development version since they are not included in the repo.

Any issues, feature requests or suggestions should be made using the issues
here in GitHub.

Commit message:

feat!: reset addon to most basic form of an addon (#86)
* Update workflows to use most recent action versions

* Remove Microbar module

* Remove Talent module

* Remove Tradeskill module

* Remove Armor module

* Remove Travel module

* Remove Master Volume module

* Remove Currency Module

* Remove System module

* Remove Clock module

* Remove module loading

* Remove localization

* Remove extraneous files

* Remove original core of the addon

* Update project documentation

* Redo package creation with modules in mind

* Stub for the config module

* Stub for the core addon

* Loadable core addon

* Loadable config module

README.md, after:

# XIV_Databar

## About
XIV_Databar is a simple to use data text display bar. It replaces some UI elements, such as the micro menu, and adds quick access to things like loot spec, spec changes and hearths. It is unobtrusive and can be anchored to any side of the screen. It also integrates into ElvUI for proper skinning of bar elements.

## Download
XIV_Databar is available to download directly from [Wago](https://addons.wago.io/addons/xiv-databar) and [GitHub Releases](https://github.com/Kozoaku/XIV_Databar/releases). If you prefer to utilize an addon updater, it should be available if the updater utilizes one of these sources.

If you are looking for an addon updater, I suggest [WoWUp](https://wowup.io) since it pulls from its own database of addons, TukUI, WowInterface, GitHub Releases, Wago[^1] and Curseforge[^1]. It manages all clients and PTR versions of WoW seperatly and doesn't collect PII or system information. 

[^1]: Requires an ad supported version of the updater.

## Requests, Bugs, Comments

Any issues, feature requests or suggestions should be made [here](https://github.com/Kozoaku/XIV_Databar/issues). Each issue will be triaged and put into a milestone based on priority. Milestones correspond to either bug fix releases, feature releases or major version releases. If you get a lua error, please disable all other addons (except !BugGrabber & BugSack if you run them) and replaicate the error. This helps determine where in this addon the issue occured.


## Contributing

If you wish to contribute to the project, please fork and submit a pull request. The project uses [Semantic Release](https://semantic-release.gitbook.io/semantic-release/) to parse commit messages and generate a semantic version number. Any PR's opened should follow the format expected by Semantic Release. See the [contributing](docs/contributing.md) documentation for a more detailed explaination.

I am not very active in game, but I will give any contributions the same care and 
attention you did. Please note, you will need to copy the libs folder from the most 
recent release into your development version since they are not included in the repo.
